c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.xr.xml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.exe
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.pdb
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.exe
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.pdb
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\View\LocationPage.xbf
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.g.cs
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.xaml
c:\users\jakob\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\View\LocationPage.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.xr.xml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.exe
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.pdb
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\bin\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.g.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.xaml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\LocationPage.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.exe
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut.pdb
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\mathi_000\Desktop\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\TuristApp5akaTheFinalCut\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
